hello mark so what you've been up to for
20 years
[Music]
choose life choose Facebook Twitter
Instagram and hope that someone
somewhere cares miss remar I missed you
too sparkly
cheers looking up old flames wishing
you'd done all differently do you still
take heroine
no and she's watching history repeats
itself
[Music]
Oh Thank You Simon I'm all choose your
future call the police what shall I say
just tell them we're dead
choose reality TV slut-shaming revenge
porn chooses zero-hour contract a
two-hour journey to work and choose the
same for your kids only worse and
smother the pain with an unknown dose of
an unknown drug made in somebody's
kitchen and then take a deep breath
[Music]
you're an addict so be addicted just be
addicted to something else choose the
ones you love
[Music]
choose your future choose life